Look with me in your church covenant.
The timing of this message or what we'll get through to it is impeccable because it's our custom at RBC on the first Sunday after Christmas.
To step back from all of our exposition, we've gone verse by verse through 2 Corinthians.
We don't even really go verse by verse.
Like we even preach the punctuation around here.
And what we do the first Sunday after Christmas is we just step back and we get perspective.
What is the mission?
Where are we going?
What are we supposed to be doing?
And so it's the only time all year that I intentionally preach the same sermon on the same Sunday every year, unapologetically.
This time of year, a lot of people are thinking about resolutions.
Resolutions in the new year in many ways have gotten a bad reputation.
And the reason why they've gotten a bad reputation is because you can ask any local gym owner, how many people buy gym memberships for Christmas in the end of the year, and they will tell you that their stock goes out the roof.
Second question, ask them how many people are still in the gym by Valentine's Day.
The answer is almost none.
So when we think about resolutions, we often just don't even give them any attention.
But we see resolutions throughout the Bible, which is why if you'll notice with me in our church covenant, our church covenant is framed according to resolutions
You can accuse this church of many things and believe me, people have and do.
One thing you cannot accuse us of as a church is a lack of clarity.
You know exactly what you're gonna get.
And this starts in our church covenant that we have laid out and you will see the word that I think is a defining word in our life and it is the word resolved.
It's a time to renew our commitments
to triage them to think rightly about the things that really are the most important things in life that give the structure and framework.
One of the greatest examples of faithfulness, I believe, to ever have come from American soil is Jonathan Edwards.
Jonathan Edwards was around 19, maybe 20 years of age.
He lived in the early to mid 1700s.
a brilliant mind at the center of the Great Awakening.
And from the very beginning of his life, he traveled to New York City.
He just finished a master's program at Yale and he found himself in the middle of a church split as a young minister.
And I believe that Edwards at 18 years of age knew quite frankly that he was in over his head.
So he laid out
a series of commitments that framed his life, he was so specific in the way that he would speak to people, the way that he would handle himself in his eating and his drinking, his Bible study and his work life, his thought life, the way that he would forgive others, the way that he would keep himself accountable for the bigger picture and every duty within it.
He begins his resolutions with these words, being sensible that I am unable to do anything without God's help.
I do humbly entreat him by his grace to enable me to keep these resolutions so far as they are agreeable to his will for Christ's sake.
From the very beginning of his life, the motivating factor was that he would direct every aim to the glory of God
He would review these resolutions weekly and he would completely depend on the power of the Holy Spirit consciously in every single one of them.
I want to give you three.
Number five, as a young man, he wrote, resolved never to lose one moment of time, but improve it the most profitable way I possibly can.
I'm guessing
that he didn't spend hours and days on in scrolling Facebook or YouTube videos.
Number 17, resolve that I will live so.
It's my favorite resolution.
Resolve that I will live so as I shall wish I had done when I come to die.
I want to live in such a way right now
that when I come to die, I have very, very few regrets about how I wish I would have lived.
Because when you come to that moment, it's not too late to be saved, but it is a little too late to consider how you've lived your life.
And Edward said, I am gonna use moments right now to set that trajectory
to be as faithful to the master as I possibly can be.
Number 67, and finally, resolved after afflictions to inquire what I am the better for them, what I am the worst for them, and what I have got by them.
Edwards did not have it on a bed of roses.
He was a man of profound suffering.
But have you noticed that it's our suffering that shapes us most?
And Martin Luther said that in trying to destroy him, the devil had made a pretty good Christian out of him, but it was through his suffering.
And God uses that to sanctify us and to bring glory to his son in unspeakable ways.
Doesn't he, Stephanie?
So the title of my sermon, if I ever start it, is the DNA and direction of RBC, new mercies and new opportunities.
We've spent most of the year just hammering out, man, we've worked so hard hammering things out.
Here's what we're gonna do next.
But I want us to think big picture, because we're not just showing up gathering just to go through the motions every Sunday,
We really do believe that there's a mission and we really are trying to move forward in the mission, both corporately together and then individual in your family and in your life, moving the ball down the field, Lord willing, however he desires.
The illustration that I use often for this is a very vivid one.
How many of you have ever been kayaking or canoeing before?
You know, I don't get in a kayak or canoe with just anyone.
So if we've ever been kayaking before, consider yourself trusted and special.
And the reason is, is because I don't know what it is, but when people get in a kayak or canoe, they just lose their minds.
They have no brains.
If you're on a water in a canoe or a kayak,
I'm telling you, if it stops moving for three seconds, someone in the boat is gonna stand up.
If you have ever done that, will you please raise your hand?
Appreciate the fact that none of you are honest.
What happens as soon as you stand up, and I don't know what you're trying to do, is the boat flips and everyone's wet.
What happens to a lot of families in a lot of churches, ask me how I know, is they don't have a sense of mission.
And so they begin to fight with each other.
They begin to stand up in the canoe and everything is topsy-turvy.
But have you ever regained the sense of that kayak or canoe and begin to paddle?
What's the first thing that happens?
Even the dumbest person in the boat sits down.
And what they do, well, they begin to get on ore and they begin to row.
And you get some momentum, you're convinced that you're going somewhere, you can see the sites and you know there's meaning and purpose and you know that you are going somewhere.
Took a 50 mile kayak trip one time.
There was absolutely no water flow.
You get focused on a mission.
And so what we have done here is to lay out a mission and say it is very clear and we wanna row together.
We do not have time to fight with one another over silly goofy things that will be regretted when you come to die.
The things that we have in common far outweigh as a local church, the things that differentiate us.
And listen, I get it.
And I know and don't give me that serious face.
I know you drive each other crazy.
I know you do.
And I'm going to be honest with you.
You drive me crazy sometimes.
You just do.
And here's the deal.
I drive you crazy sometimes.
And I know you do because I hear about it.
I know you drive each other crazy.
Don't pretend like you don't.
But it's the things that we have in common in the core convictions that ground us together in Jesus Christ.
And it's the core mission that is so clear.
Listen, you know, not just anyone joins this church.
I love it when people come a time or two.
And they almost act like they're doing us a favor because they want to join.
And I'm like, well, I love you, but I don't know.
We'll see if we'll let you join.
I mean, we'll see.
Because, man, we're in the trenches of life together, and I don't want a single person in my canoe that when life gets hard is going to stab me in the back or stab you in the back.
And I want them all out and I want them out immediately.
And as soon as I find out about it, they're gone.
Because we are a family, we have a common set of convictions and we have a mission together.
The only thing that we don't have is we don't have a whole lot of time.
I don't know how much time we have.
I don't know how much time you have.
But I know that we have the time that we have today.
And the only thing that we have in common with our enemy, with hell and with Satan is time.
It's time.
And so let's look at how we are used that.
God birthed this church out of blood, sweat, and tears.
And one of my biggest fears for Reformation Baptist Church
is that we're gonna forget where we come from.
Many of you and I am so overwhelmed and thankful have come since the splits, but you have to hear the stories and you have to know what we were birthed out of because we gave up a lot and we went through hell to start this church.
And hell came against us, but God has been gracious
So look with me in the church covenant as we just begin to walk through that and we'll probably take another Sunday to do so.
What we agreed when we came together from the very beginning was this.
We the members of Reformation Baptist Church
hereby affirm this covenant with one another by God's grace for our good and for God's glory, having been brought, as we believe, by the Spirit of God and divine grace to repent and believe in the Lord Jesus Christ as the Lord's Savior and Supreme Treasurer of our lives.
And upon the profession of our faith, having been baptized in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,
We do in the presence of God and this assembly solemnly and joyfully covenant with one another as one body in Christ to glorify God by worshiping together and making disciples.
This is who we are.
This is why we exist.
We believe in Christ.
We bear fruit of faith.
We belong to one another.
We give ourselves, as Paul says in 2 Corinthians, first to the Lord and then to one another.
And so we covenant.
It's a binding agreement founded in the eternal covenant of God with the elect, with his children, where he promises to never leave or forsake them.
He promises to pour out all of his covenant blessings upon them.
And he promises to be their God as they're his people.
And this language then describes what we do together.
We picture it through baptism and then through the Lord's Supper.
We explicitly write it out.
through the church covenant, what we already believe is happening through the ordinances.
And so we renewed this regularly.
We are those, if you look with me, the Bible says, are those who have and continue to repent and believe in the Lord Jesus Christ.
He is the King of all the earth in our lives.
He is the Savior and the only one from our sins.
And he is the supreme treasure
to the point in our lives that we would be willing to sell everything we have to buy the field to obtain the treasure.
And it's that profession of faith, beginning with Peter's confession of Christ in Matthew 16, being baptized in the name of the triune God that we come together by covenant under the covenant of God.
And our aim, broadly speaking, is to bring glory to God by worshiping
Together is one which we often do, worshiping in our families, and then help people learn to be conformed to the likeness of Jesus Christ and obey every single thing he said.
That's why we're here.
Most people live and die and they never know their purpose.
And God has freely given it to us every single day.
What are we doing with it?
We lay it out this way, the big picture, the big rocks at RBC.
Our tunnel vision is set on three things.
Number one, the worship of God.
We exist for the worship of God.
Secondly, for the discipleship of one another, to help one another all the way to glory, that his kingdom would come and his rule be done on earth as it is in heaven.
So it's making men and women, boys and girls into disciples of Jesus Christ, lifelong learners and lovers of Him.
Thirdly, it's to be a witness to the world, to be a witness to the transforming power of God to the entire world.
So in our church covenant, we aim in six particular resolutions, beginning number one, we resolve to love Christ supremely.
Number two, to come together regularly.
Number three, to care for one another graciously.
Number four, to serve together faithfully.
Number five, to witness together diligently.
Number six, to walk together righteously.
Turn with me in your Bibles to Matthew chapter 22, verses 37 through 39.
I preach 50, 45,
Expositional sermons a year.
Just go into the next verse.
And you know that because it's taken us an entire year to get through nine chapters of 2 Corinthians.
Welcome to one of my only topical sermons of the year.
Matthew 22 lays out the bullseye so clearly.
This is what we won't regret in the end.
No one ever did this and regretted it.
It's never happened and it never will.
And he said to him in verse 37 of Matthew 22, you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.
This is what the great and first commandment and a second is like it.
You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
Now I get it, that phrase, love your neighbor as yourself has been misused through COVID.
Through all of the, if you don't wear a mask, you're gonna kill your neighbor, just nonsense.
But it is in the Bible, and there is a biblical way to do it, and it is a command and enjoy to love our neighbor the way that we love ourselves.
It begins the Bible said with the aim of the entirety of our lives to love Jesus Christ.
to loosen the grip that we have on so many things in this world and to make sure our grip is first and foremost on Jesus Christ, the one who never changes, the one who is sovereign, the one who is unfailing.
I wanna ask you as we step back 10,000 foot view, we'll get through the weeds through the rest of the year.
Big picture question.
Answer me, answer me honestly and answer me right now.
Is Jesus Christ the crowning treasure of your life?
What do you spend most of your time thinking about?
What do you spend most of your money on?
What are most of your internet searches about?
What does your calendar look like?
What do you talk to your wife mostly about?
What do your kids say come out of your mouth regularly?
What does your life show is the crowning virtue of your life?
Is Jesus Christ the crowning virtue of your life?
There's only one verse that keeps me awake at night.
And it's the verse that says, many will say to me on that day, Lord, we did so many miraculous things.
Listen, I know the right answer to that question.
The right answer is yes.
I've been to church enough to know the answer.
The question is this how we're intending to live and is this what has the vice grip on our life?
It's Jesus Christ.
Seasons come and seasons go.
Children listen to me.
You've been so excited about Christmas.
I bet in your mind right now, just sat in your head.
What was one thing you really hoped you got for Christmas?
I bet you in a week you won't know, care, or even remember.
It will be in the junk pile with all of the other things that you wanted so bad.
Adults, it's not just a children's illustration.
What is it that you just set your mind on that has to happen in your life that you have to have in your life?
And then it turns out later, I thank God for unanswered prayers.
That really was not what I needed in my life.
And I spent so much time thinking about that warning that.
Does Jesus Christ have the vice grip on your life?
And do you love him so?
Is he the crowning treasure of your life that you are wanting to direct the entirety of your allegiances, your affections, and your actions towards love God with all of your heart, soul, mind, and strength?
I get it.
It's tough, isn't it?
We're a Reformed church.
It's supposed to be deeper than that.
What does it say in the Greek?
Trace it out in the Old Testament.
Give me some theology.
Your theology means nothing to me without this.
The covenant goes on, look with me in your Bible, and it says to seek God's kingdom.
It's stolen straight from Matthew 16, which says, Jesus taught us to pray, your kingdom come, your will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
We're desiring.
that God would manifest this rule in our lives the same way it's already loved and respected in heaven.
Through the ends of the earth, Matthew 633 says, seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things will be added to you.
There is not a square inch in all of creation that is off limits to the rule of King Jesus.
And that is why we attempt to speak to every dimension of life because he owns it and he rules it and he has something to say about it.
Look with me in the covenant.
It goes on.
It steals all of this straight from the Bible.
We're just putting it together in a concise summary.
What is the kingdom of God?
It refers to the rule and reign of God, particularly where it's manifested.
It's here because the king has come.
We're seeing his marching orders and his will.
put forth in our lives, but it's not yet because there's still more that He is going to show and manifest.
Look with me in the covenant.
How do we do this through regular devotion to Scripture and prayer?
The London Baptist Confession says, in the first words that open it, the Holy Scriptures are the only sufficient, certain, and infallible standard of all saving, knowledge, faith, and obedience.
Listen to me, I really want to encourage us, and this has been really heavy on my mind over the last few weeks.
I know this may sound so basic, but I found this really something that has to be said.
There's a lot of things that we want to do, Lord willing in the coming year.
Lots of plans in God's grace, Lord willing.
There's books that I want to preach through.
There's ministries that I think
We're gonna engage in, but right now I wanna ask you, is this a reality in your life, regular devotion to scripture and prayer?
You can't get to 10th grade if you haven't passed first grade.
You can't climb to the fourth rung if you've not even put your foot on the first rung.
Are you reading the Bible and praying on a daily basis?
I did not mention devotions.
A few people read more than I do.
I have a whole library full of books.
I'm surrounded by them all the time.
I love them.
But there's only one book that I wear out.
Are you reading the pages of scripture in your life on a regular basis?
Ladies and gentlemen, we can go no farther until that is a reality in our life.
Are we praying every day?
Most of the counseling problems that I spend my life towards, most of them,
or right here, are you reading the Bible and praying every day?
No, no.
I wanna encourage you, whatever that looks like for you, get in the Bible every single day, read it to your soul, read it to your family, and make that a practice that is non-negotiable in your life.
And to pray, if you need some help, guess what?
Look at the church newsletter.
There's a Bible reading plan already laid out there for you.
There's many of them and many people are reading those.
The ordinary means of grace is scripture and it's prayer.
These are the means in our life that God uses to comfort us, to convict us, to direct us, to change us.
This is what we are seeking to establish our church on.
Listen, I've seen lots of videos of what churches have done on Christmas Eve.
Do you watch those videos?
Holy moly, Christmas movies and the pastors.
Listen, if they ever catapult me in here from the ceiling with camels running around and show stars dancing on stage, I'm telling you, if something happens to me and you let that happen in this church, I will beg God to haul every single one of you.
I will beg him until you die.
I will terrorize you if you let that happen."
That is nonsense.
What are we doing?
Why is the mission failing?
It's because churches don't even know what churches are anymore.
What do churches do?
Well, we do a lot of things, but at the heart of it is read the Bible and pray.
We read chapters of Scripture.
We really do believe this stuff.
People who come and visit us may think that it's foolish and they may not believe it, but one thing's for sure, they know we believe it.
We want to pray together.
We want to pray so much and so often that people in our congregation who just pretend to love God but don't really are bored out of their mind.
Look with me in the covenant and to actively fight against our sin.
We're devoted to scripture.
We're devoted to prayer.
We want to know all of scripture.
It's our sword, our bomb, our fire, our hammer, our anchor.
We want to walk through every verse.
We want to obey every command.
We want to trust every promise.
We want to read through every single chapter.
Personally, in our families and in our church, we go verse by verse unapologetically.
You never have to wonder what the sermon's gonna be on next Sunday morning.
Just read the next verse.
And we wanna be a people who see God through prayer.
We wanna be a people of prayer.
What is your prayer life?
Like Jesus said, this is a house of prayer.
And then we have our first mission.
actively fight against our sin.
And that begins with your own sin to put it to death, to mortify it.
There are sins listed throughout the Bible.
There are vise lists of sin.
There are sins that are more distinctly masculine.
Oftentimes, men will struggle more so with certain sins.
There are sins that I have found to be more distinctly feminine
More so women will tend to struggle with some sins, but sin is common to all of us, and all of us to some degree are in violation of the Ten Commandments of God, whatever that expression looks like.
And so one of our missions in life is to fight against our sin and to fight with your own first.
Luther said that all of life should be one of repentance.
Someone says, did you hear about what so-and-so did?
And the answer most of the time is I haven't really thought about it because I got so many sins in my own life that I'm trying to put to death.
I haven't had a whole lot of time to think about putting theirs to death.
And so we want to regularly confess our sins, to side with God against ourselves,
to turn from it and to receive the assurance of God's free pardon and assurance and grace through Jesus Christ.
1 Peter 2, 9 says, but you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for his own possession that you may proclaim the excellencies of him who called you out of darkness and to his marvelous lie.
Listen, once you were not a people, but now you were God's people.
Once you had not received mercy, but now you have received mercy.
Verse 11, beloved, I urge you as sojourners and exiles to abstain from the passions of the flesh which wage war against your soul.
When you wake up in the morning and you wonder who your enemy is, if you are living faithfully, you have many.
And the first one is the person that you see in the mirror.
And so we're fighting against our sin that our sin would be replaced with the fruit of the Holy Spirit and the grace of God.
Look with me secondly in the church covenant.
Number two, we resolve to come together regularly, to come together regularly.
Look with me in the covenant.
Together we resolve to come together regularly for worship.
By the Holy Spirit, we will strive for the unity of this church and knowledge, holiness,
love and peace, and to promote its fruitfulness in the true preaching of the gospel and right use of the ordinances.
We will partake of the Lord's Supper as we remember the past work of Christ on the cross, celebrate the present work of Christ at the Father's right hand, and anticipate the future work of Christ and his return for the full redemption of his bride.
Hebrews 10 says that we're to come together regularly.
It's a normal pattern in our life.
And then we're to urge one another and if I want another, encourage one another to look to the sufficiency of Christ.
Let us one to another Hebrews 10, 19 through 25 says.
It's exactly what we see in Acts chapter two.
They're breaking bread together.
They're meeting together.
You never wondered where they were on the Lord's day.
They were like clockwork.
They were praying, reading the Bible, protecting of the supper,
giving one to another and studying the apostles' teaching.
Look with me in the covenant, by the power of the spirit, we will strive for the unity of this church and knowledge, holiness, love, and peace.
It's the very thing that Jesus prayed for, and it's high priestly prayer, in John 1722, Father, may they be one as we are one.
You know, there's one thing that drives me crazy, and it's when my kids are fighting.
They're trying to kill each other, and I'm ready to kill all of them.
You know what?
Probably drives God crazy when his kids are fighting over silly stuff, which is why he's praying that they would be one as he is one, and that they would strive for the unity of the church so that they would be fighting together in knowledge, to be filled with knowledge, to know the Word of God, to love truth,
tries you made to exploit us riches and you never come to the end of it.
To pursue truth, to love truth, to read scripture, to be informed, and we have done that so much together over the last year.
In holiness, we don't want to walk according to the ways of the Gentiles.
We really want to walk.
God help us the best we can in holiness.
Every single one of us fall away short.
The people around you fall more short of this than you think they do.
The people around you have more struggles in their life than you think they do.
And the reason why I say that is because I know a lot of them.
But we are striving.
The idea is not so much perfection as it is direction.
Yes, Jesus said to be perfect as he is perfect.
And yet we are positionally, but practically we're not, but this is what we're striving for.
None of us have arrived here.
None of us live here.
I said some things this week that I shouldn't have said.
And I'm probably going to say and do some things in the next coming days that I shouldn't do or say.
And you know what?
You have to and you will too.
He said, man, he's so me.
He's so mild.
He holds it together.
Well, let me tell you something.
I got a breaking point.
But what we are seeking to do by the grace of God is to walk in holiness.
My whole point in saying that is to say, nobody around you is there the way that you think they are, but we are striving for it.
We set our aim on it.
We're directing our lives to live in accordance with the character of God.
He says in love, which is the unconditional favor and kindness of God.
He says in peace to truly have the peace of God found in Jesus Christ, we are putting all these things Colossians 3 and Ephesians 4 says, we are putting on these things.
We are constantly in our families, in our personal lives, and in our church doing this.
We are pulling weeds and we are planting seeds.
That's what I'm doing as a dad every single day.
In my heart, with my five children and with this church, there's a weed.
Let's pull it before it grows.
And there is an opportunity to grow some grass.
And what you do, dads, as you pull weeds,
But more so, the focus is not looking for the weeds and snatching them, although that is part of it.
The way that you get healthy soil, the way that you get a healthy culture is you don't go get a lot of pesticides and poison and pollute all of it.
What you do is you plant as much green good grass as you possibly can.
And what you do, Ms. Claudette, and I know because we laid about 22 pallets of it at your house, is you plan it and you plan it and you plan it.
And over time, did any of you go to Ms. Claudette's house the last time we were there?
Some of you did, Jimmy?
Now, I know this may sound kind of crazy, and I might not even be in sermon mode anymore, but let's just think about this.
I want to be honest.
Jimmy, did you know that that grass didn't just show up there?
Did you think about that?
It didn't just happen.
Man, what a, what a pretty view and it is.
God created all of it.
It did show up there, didn't it?
On 22, you ever lay 22 palace of grass?
We got in the truck after we were done and my two sons looked at me
And I'm telling you, they slept better than they've ever slept in their life.
I didn't even recognize them.
They were so tired, they literally couldn't lift their hands.
And they looked at me and they say, Dad, I know what I don't want to do for a living.
And we labored and we labored.
I don't know if you've ever planned a saw on a heel, but I don't recommend it.
I would suggest you pay someone.
which is what Ms. Claudette did.
You did do that, didn't you?
Thanks a lot.
The way that grass got there is it was planted.
Brian, you just got, you got great kids, man.
You just got lucky, didn't you?
Did you just get lucky?
No, you didn't get lucky.
You're thankful in God's providence that He was more kind than you deserve.
But what you did is you trusted him by his grace.
He did things that you can't do, and then you worked your fingers to the bone.
It doesn't just happen ordinarily.
It comes, the Bible says, through day in and day out, faithful labor, planting good grass, nurturing it and watering it, and praying that God will do it.
Only God can do, which is what we cannot do.
Make it grow.
Knowledge, holiness, love, and peace are four of many seeds and virtues that we want to plan in our life that in a million years you'll never regret.
Is this the aroma of our life?
Is it one of truth and godliness and peace, or is it one that's cranky, critical, and cocky?
What's the aroma of your life?
Baptism
was we come into the new covenant of God and we're identifying with the triune God and he is ministering grace to his children.
As the gospel is on display, the Lord's Supper is we're renewing that covenant with one another and being united more and more to Jesus Christ as our souls are nourished to eternal life.
These are the foundational stones in our life.
For those of you who are
keeping count up only got through page three.
So we'll try fourth or nine next week.
And what I want to do next week is really review the last year in some specific detail, specific passages.
And I want us to look toward what the Lord might do in the coming year.
And then we know the best well laid plans are in the Lord's hands.
but I wanna review his faithfulness next Sunday, and I wanna chart out some opportunities before us.
It starts by loving Christ supremely above all, coming together regularly for worship, scripture and prayer being the center of our lives individually, corporately, and in our families, and then fighting against our own sin.
That will keep you plenty busy.
Kyle, if you do that, you won't have time for much else, will you?
That's gonna keep me pretty busy.
But there's more and we'll come to that in the coming week.
Ultimately, it's not our own efforts of faithfulness that we're trusting.
It's the unmerited efforts of Jesus Christ on our behalf that we trust and that will matter.
And so I urge you, as I urge myself to look to Him, let's pray together.
Father, we thank You that You've given us a mission.
We are as dying men preaching to dying men, but we pray that You would make us strong in grace, and we pray that You would help us to live in every way purposefully.
Lord, help us to be sober minded and reverent.
But Father, it doesn't mean that we live serious all the time like we are in this moment.
Lord, I pray that you would make us into hardened warriors with sharp minds, with steel spines, and yet even as hardened warriors with soft hearts and strong affections for the things that you love and with a holy hatred for the things that you hate.
And Father, we pray that you would make us merry and joyful warriors.
We pray that joy and laughter would permeate our homes and our walls and everything about us because we love you and we trust you and we are pursuing you and you are preserving us.
So Lord, make us merry, joyful warriors.
sorrowful yet rejoicing.
In Jesus' name we pray, Amen.